#OpFreePalestine Leaked Credit Cards by Neon Seven, ZCompany Hacking Crew
2012/02/10
A hacker who is part of ZHC, ZCompany Hacking Crew going by the handle of Neon Seven has leaked credit card details and left a bunch of UN resolutions for people to revise to get an understanding. The leaked data also comes along with the below message.Only Israel, the United States, and a few U.S. allies, clients, and dependencies continued to deny recognition of the Palestinians as a people with the PLO as their legitimate representative. Prior to the collapse of the Soviet Union, the long-held position of the United States and Israel, combined with the rise in international influence of the Palestinians since 1967, often placed the U.S. government in an untenable position. In "Deliberate Deceptions: Facing the Facts About US-Israeli Relationship" (Lawrence Hill Books, 1995) author/former Congressman Paul Findley makes the point that Israel, with the collusion of the power elite on our continent, has been successful over the decades in keeping the United Nations on the sidelines in efforts to find a solution to the Middle East problem and to create real peace:At the end of the leak is also another small statement.WE WILL NOT SLEEP. WE WILL NOT REST WE WILL COUNTER YOUR OPPRESSION WITH EVERY BREATH. WE ARE ZHC UNITED WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL.Leaked data:https://pastebin.com/LVr0TiBZ1955-1992: Resolution 106: . . . Condemns Israel for Gaza raid Resolution 111: . . . Condemns Israel for raid on Syria that killed fifty-six people Resolution 127:. . . Recommends Israel suspend its 'no-man's zone' in Jerusalem Resolution 162:. . . Urges Israel to comply with UN decisions Resolution 171:. . . Determines flagrant violations by Israel in its attack on Syria Resolution 228:. . . Censures Israel for its attack on Samu in the West Bank, then under Jordanian control Resolution 237:. . . Urges Israel to allow return of new 1967 Palestinian refugees Resolution 248: . . . Condemns Israel for its massive attack on Karameh in Jordan Resolution 250:. . . Calls on Israel to refrain from holding military parade in Jerusalem Resolution 251:. . . Deeply Deplores Israeli military parade in Jerusalem in defiance of Resolution 250 Resolution 252:. . . Declares Invalid Israel's acts to unify Jerusalem as Jewish capital Resolution 256: . . . Condemns Israeli raids on Jordan as 'flagrant violation' Resolution 259:. . . Deplores Israel's refusal to accept UN mission to probe occupation Resolution 262: . . . Condemns Israel for attack on Beirut airport Resolution 265: . . . Condemns Israel for air attacks for Salt in Jordan Resolution 267: . . . Censures Israel for administrative acts to change the status of Jerusalem Resolution 270: . . . Condemns Israel for air attacks on villages in southern Lebanon" * Resolution 271: ". . . 'condemns' Israel's failure to obey UN resolutions on Jerusalem Resolution 279: . . . Demands withdrawal of Israeli forces from Lebanon Resolution 280: . . . Condemns Israeli's attacks against Lebanon Resolution 285: . . . Demands immediate Israeli withdrawal form Lebanon Resolution 298: . . . Deplores Israel's changing of the status of Jerusalem Resolution 313: . . . Demands that Israel stop attacks against Lebanon Resolution 316: . . . Condemns Israel for repeated attacks on Lebanon Resolution 317: . . . Deplores Israel's refusal to release Arabs abducted in Lebanon Resolution 332: . . . Condemns Israel's repeated attacks against Lebanon Resolution 337: . . . Condemns Israel for violating Lebanon's sovereignty Resolution 347: . . . Condemns Israeli attacks on Lebanon Resolution 425: . . . Calls on Israel to withdraw its forces from Lebanon Resolution 427: . . . Calls on Israel to complete its withdrawal from Lebanon Resolution 444: . . . Deplores Israel's lack of cooperation with UN peacekeeping forces Resolution 446: . . . Determines that Israeli settlements are a 'serious obstruction' to peace and calls on Israel to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention Resolution 450: . . . Calls on Israel to stop attacking Lebanon Resolution 452: . . . Calls on Israel to cease building settlements in occupied territories Resolution 465: . . . Deplores Israel's settlements and asks all member states not to assist Israel's settlements program Resolution 467: . . . Strongly Deplores Israel's military intervention in Lebanon Resolution 468: . . . Calls on Israel to rescind illegal expulsions of two Palestinian mayors and a judge and to facilitate their return Resolution 469: . . . Strongly Deplores Israel's failure to observe the council's order not to deport Palestinians Resolution 471: . . . Expresses Deep Concern at Israel's failure to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention Resolution 476: . . . Reiterates that Israel's claim to Jerusalem are 'null and void' Resolution 478: . . . Censures (Israel) in the strongest terms' for its claim to Jerusalem in its 'Basic Law' Resolution 484: . . . Declares it Imperative that Israel re-admit two deported Palestinian mayors Resolution 487: . . . Strongly Condemns Israel for its attack on Iraq's nuclear facility Resolution 497: . . . Decides that Israel's annexation of Syria's Golan Heights is 'null and void' and demands that Israel rescinds its decision forthwith Resolution 498: . . . Calls on Israel to withdraw from Lebanon Resolution 501: . . . Calls on Israel to stop attacks against Lebanon and withdraw its troops Resolution 509: . . . Demands that Israel withdraw its forces forthwith and unconditionally from Lebanon Resolution 515: . . . Demands that Israel lift its siege of Beirut and allow food supplies to be brought in Resolution 517: . . .Censures Israel for failing to obey UN resolutions and demands that Israel withdraw its forces from Lebanon Resolution 518: . . . Demands that Israel cooperate fully with UN forces in Lebanon Resolution 520: . . . Condemns Israel's attack into West Beirut Resolution 573: . . . Condemns Israel 'vigorously' for bombing Tunisia in attack on PLO headquarters Resolution 587: . . . Takes Note of previous calls on Israel to withdraw its forces from Lebanon and urges all parties to withdraw Resolution 592: . . . Strongly Deplores the killing of Palestinian students at Bir Zeit University by Israeli troops Resolution 605: . . . Strongly Deplores Israel's policies and practices denying the human rights of Palestinians Resolution 607: . . . Calls on Israel not to deport Palestinians and strongly requests it to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention Resolution 608: . . . Deeply Regrets that Israel has defied the United Nations and deported Palestinian civilians Resolution 636: . . . Deeply Regrets Israeli deportation of Palestinian civilians Resolution 641: . . . Deplores Israel's continuing deportation of Palestinians Resolution 672: . . . Condemns Israel for violence against Palestinians at the Haram al-Sharif/Temple Mount Resolution 673: . . . Deplores Israel's refusal to cooperate with the United Nations Resolution 681: . . . Deplores Israel's resumption of the deportation of Palestinians Resolution 694: . . . Deplores Israel's deportation of Palestinians and calls on it to ensure their safe and immediate return Resolution 726: . . . Strongly Condemns Israel's deportation of Palestinians Resolution 799: . . . Strongly Condemns Israel's deportation of 413 Palestinians and calls for their immediate return.UN Resolutions:Follow ZHC on facebook https://www.facebook.com/groups/zhcnews/