Influenza – or the flu – is a virus that spreads quickly from person to person. Symptoms include fever, chills, aches, runny nose, a cough and stomach upset. Immunisation is your best defence against the flu.Signs and symptoms of influenza can include:
fever (a temperature of 38°C or higher)
cough
sore throat
runny or stuffy nose
body aches
headache
chills
stomach upset, vomiting or diarrhoea.
It may take between 1–4 days to feel symptoms after you catch influenza.
The worst symptoms usually last about 5 days, but coughing can last up to 2–3 weeks. 
Seek urgent medical advice if you have:
a high fever that doesn’t come down, especially if you are pregnant
chills or severe shaking
difficulty breathing or chest pain
purple or bluish discolouration of your lips, skin, fingers or toes
seizures or convulsions
signs of other serious conditions, such as meningococcal disease (which may include severe headache, sleepiness, vomiting, stiff neck, dislike of bright lights, and sometimes a rash).
Look out for signs of dehydration such as dizziness when standing, and not passing urine regularly.
If a person you are caring for is less responsive than normal, unusually quiet, or confused, you should call a doctor urgently.
It is also important to let your doctor know if you were starting to feel better, then get worse.
Call a doctor if your baby or child’s breathing is fast or noisy or if they are wheezing or grunting. Check if the area below the ribs sucks inward (instead of expanding as normal) as they breathe in.
You should get help if your baby or child is:
very pale
drowsy or difficult to wake
severely irritable, not wanting to be held
limp or unable to move
if a baby has dry nappies or no tears when they are crying, it means they are dehydrated. It is important to contact a doctor
if they have signs of other serious conditions, such as meningococcal disease (which may include severe headache, stiff neck, dislike of bright lights, and sometimes a rash, but in very young children are often non-specific such as sleepiness and vomiting).