Overview
Detecting early symptoms of the flu can prevent the spread of the virus and possibly help you treat the illness before it gets worse. Early symptoms can include:
fatigue
body aches and chills
cough 
sore throat
fever
gastrointestinal problems
There are also early flu symptoms that are unique to children.
Read on to learn more about all of these symptoms and how you can find relief.
Shorter days and reduced sunlight can make you feel tired, but there’s a difference between being tired and experiencing extreme fatigue. Sudden, excessive fatigue is one of the earliest signs of the flu, and it may appear before other symptoms. Fatigue is also a symptom of the common cold, but it’s usually more severe with the flu. Extreme weakness and tiredness may interfere with your normal activities, so it’s important that you limit activity and allow your body to rest. Take a few days off from work or school and stay in bed. Rest can strengthen your immune system and help you fight the virus.
Body aches and chills are also common flu symptoms. If you’re coming down with the flu virus, you may mistakenly blame body aches on something else, such as a recent workout. Body aches can manifest anywhere in the body, especially in the head, back, and legs. Chills may also accompany body aches and the flu may cause chills even before a fever develops. Wrapping yourself in a warm blanket can increase your body temperature and reduce chills. If you have body aches, you can take over-the-counter pain medication, such as acetaminophen (Tylenol) or ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin
A persistent cough can indicate an early illness and it may be a warning sign of the flu. The flu virus can also cause a cough with wheezing and chest tightness. You might cough up phlegm or mucus, but this is rare in the early stages of the flu. 
If you have respiratory problems, such as asthma or emphysema, you may need to consult a doctor to prevent further complications. Also, call a doctor if you notice colored phlegm. Flu complications can include bronchitis and pneumonia. Take cough drops or cough medicine to calm a cough. It can also help to keep yourself and your throat hydrated with lots of water and caffeine-free teas. Always cover your cough to prevent spreading the infection.
Flu-related coughing can quickly lead to a sore throat. Some viruses can actually cause a swollen throat without a cough. In the earliest stages of the flu, your throat may feel scratchy and irritated. You may also feel a strange sensation when you swallow food or drinks. If you have a sore throat, it will likely get worse as the virus progresses. Stock up on caffeine-free tea, chicken soup, and water. You can also gargle with 8 oz. of warm water, 1 tsp. of salt, and 1/2 tsp. of baking soda.
A fever is a sign that your body is fighting off an infection. Flu-related fevers are typically 100°F (38°C) or higher. While a fever is a common symptom in early stages of the flu, not everyone with the flu will have a fever. Also, you might experience chills with or without a fever while the virus runs its course. Acetaminophen and ibuprofen are both effective fever reducers, but these medicines can’t cure the virus. 
Early flu symptoms can extend below the head, throat, and chest. Some strains of the virus can cause diarrhea, nausea, stomach pain, or vomiting. Dehydration is a dangerous complication of diarrhea and vomiting. To avoid dehydration, drink sports drinks, fruit juices, caffeine-free teas and sodas, or broth. 
Flu symptoms in children
The flu virus also causes the above symptoms in children. However, your child may have other symptoms that require medical attention. These can include: 
not drinking enough fluids
crying with no tears
not waking up or interacting
being unable to eat
having fever with a rash
having difficulty urinating
It can be hard to know the difference between the flu and a cold in children. With both a cold and flu, your child can develop a cough, sore throat, and body aches, but symptoms are more severe with the flu. If your child doesn’t have a fever, it may be an indication that they have a cold instead. If you’re concerned about any symptoms your child has developed, you should call their pediatrician. 
The flu is a progressive illness. This means that symptoms will worsen before they get better. Not everyone responds the same to a virus. Your overall health can determine the severity of your symptoms. The flu virus can be mild or severe. Seek immediate medical care if you have the following symptoms:
chest pain
breathing difficulties
bluish skin and lips
severe dehydration 
dizziness and confusion
recurring fever
worsening cough
The good news is that the flu virus is preventable. Getting a flu shot every year is one of the best ways to protect yourself. The flu shot is recommended for everyone ages 6 months and older, including pregnant women. According the CDC, the nasal spray flu vaccine should not be used during 2016–2017. Other preventive measures include:
avoid close contact with sick people
stay home if you’re sick, especially if you have a fever
cover your cough to protect others
wash your hands
limit how frequently you touch your mouth or nose