You’re sneezy, stuffed up, and feel bad all over. Is it a cold, or do you have the flu?
The symptoms can be a lot alike. But if you know the warning signs of the flu, you can get treatment quickly and work on feeling better, sooner.
What You Need to Know
Unlike a cold, flu symptoms usually come on suddenly. Another key difference is a fever, which might not happen with a cold. You might also have:
Severe aches in muscles and joints
Pain and tiredness around your eyes
Weakness or extreme fatigue
Warm, flushed skin and red, watery eyes
A headache
A dry cough
A sore throat and runny nose
Adults with seasonal flu don’t usually vomit or have diarrhea, but children might. Some symptoms can mean your illness is severe. Get immediate medical help if you have any of the following:
Trouble breathing or shortness of breath
Pain or pressure in your chest or belly
Sudden dizziness
Confusion
Severe vomiting
In most cases, the best way to treat it is to:
Rest at home.
Drink plenty of fluids.
Avoid contact with other people.
If you're very sick or you have other medical conditions, you might need treatment with prescription medications called antiviral drugs.

These medicines -- oseltamivir (Tamiflu), peramivir (Rapivab), or zanamivir (Relenza) -- work best when you take them within 48 hours after your symptoms start. They can shorten the length of your illness by a day if you take them within this early window. They might help even after 2 days, if you have a bad case.
Your doctor may want you to take antiviral drugs if you have a high risk of complications from the flu.
When Is Flu Season?
Seasonal flu follows a fairly predictable pattern, starting in the fall and ending in the spring. A sign that it’s started is the sudden rise in the number of school-aged children sick at home with a flu-like illness. This first outbreak is soon followed by an uptick in other groups, including parents.
Do you feel under the weather and wonder if you're sick with the flu or a cold?
It's often hard to tell the difference because the symptoms of both are similar. But there is one clue about flu that can help you know. When you have it, you feel the symptoms sooner than you would with a cold, and they come on with much greater intensity.
What Are the Symptoms of the Flu?
You may feel very weak and tired for up to 2 or 3 weeks. You'll have muscle aches and periods of chills and sweats as fever comes and goes. You may also have a stuffy or runny nose, headache, and sore throat.
Can I Compare Flu and Cold Symptoms?
This chart can help you see the differences and similarities. Then, if you get flu symptoms, call your doctor and ask about an antiviral drug.